#ACCREDITATION & LICENSING - ARGZERO PRIVATE PROJECT LICENSE
[NOTE THAT THE LICENSE USED IN THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS TERMS ARE LIABLE TO CHANGE AND IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY AS A USER OF THIS SOFTWARE TO TAKE NOTE OF THOSE CHANGES. BY USING, MODIFYING, OR INCORPORATING THIS PROJECT INTO YOUR OWN WORK, YOU INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS; TO CEASE FOLLOWING THE AGREEMENT, CEASE ALL USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR ITS VARIOUS PARTS IN ALL PROJECTS. IF YOU HAVE THIS SOFTWARE IN ANY PROJECT THIS AGREEMENT STILL STANDS]

IF AT ANY POINT ARGZERO IS USED AS A TITLE IN THIS DOCUMENT, IT MAY BE INTERCHANGED WITH FORREST ZACHARY SHOOSTER. ESSENTIALLY, IF IT APPLIES TO ARGZERO, IT ALSO APPLIES TO FORREST ZACHARY SHOOSTER (this implies that you may use either name to give credit). In the event that an Argzero project becomes an Argzero Technologies, LLC project, you are required to use the business name Argzero Technologies, LLC to give credit for use. This is not true if you used the project before this change occurred and instead you may use Argzero or Forrest Zachary Shooster to give credit. 

To use the Argzero project in this repo (APR), You must give credit to Argzero for use. Otherwise, you may feel free to modify the code or use it in other projects, however know that in modifying the code for your purposes you should (MUST) notify Argzero of your use of APR at his email at forrest@argzero.org. If Argzero is already aware of your use of his project, you are excluded from the requirement of notifying him of your use of the project.

PLEASE NOTE: This particular project has a requirement BEFORE USE. You MUST notify Argzero to request the right to use this software. This particular software does NOT grant any particular permissions to any given user. You MUST request rights and await a response by contacting forrest@argzero.org.

Argzero is available to help you with your integration of this if rights are granted, upon request. Please send all requests to his email as stated in the above paragraph. Be aware, however, that Argzero is also only human and has a job too and has the right to deny you this service if he so chooses. In use of or integration of any content of APR including but not limited to source code, assets, or other materials provided by Argzero, you both acknowledge that you are aware of and agree to these terms. 

You can probably expect a response within 2-7 business days. If not, post an issue here stating that he has not responded to you. It is quite possible that Argzero's email provider labeled your message as spam. If you would like Argzero’s undivided attention and you have a deadline to meet or other special circumstances, feel free to contact him regarding payments for contract work or other form of employment by his email at forrest@argzero.org. If you need to reach Argzero for an emergency ONLY, contact him at his personal email at forrest.z.shooster@gmail.com.
